hey guys welcome back to Matlock story
room reviews and today I have a it's a
Marvel University here but it's a
transformers crossover and this is Hulk
really the only one I wanted to pick up
of these I sold a long time ago in
stores and never picked it up but I
ended up getting this off of a Hasbro
toy shop so if anybody's looking for one
of these you might want to check them
out I remember how much it was i think i
got it for like 14 maybe something like
that anyways terms from a bulldozer into
hulk now sure how what you guys can see
that there's a bulldozer show better
when i get it out of the package but it
is a marvel universe there's a picture
of the bulldozer very cool and when you
turn them into hulk very awesome it
shows a couple of the ones there's
wolverine which it's pretty stupid
spider-man which it's stupid and
Punisher which punctured looks okay a
lot of these look pretty crappy and I
never really wanted to get into them and
the one that I did see a buddy of mine
got the ghost rider one and that one
looks pretty cool if you guys see that
one that one's pretty awesome anyways
this was made about 2009 and by Hasbro
so anyways let's take a quick break and
we'll check out his bulldozer mode
alright guys we are back and this is
Hulk in his vehicle mode very awesome I
does come with the kind of instruction
booklet just like the new transformers
are coming with it's very awesome
definitely need those very cool-looking
little bulldozer I'm pretty simple my
son's been looking at this in the
package and going crazy he loves Hulk
and so do i so but uh very awesomes got
like purple windows you can see that
couple little yellow headlights kind of
cool has got some little silver click
it's been scraped up and everything like
the paint it's been scraped off some
cracks on there
at the silver treads and does have some
little wheels too yeah and it does roll
pretty decent very awesome nothing too
fancy but pretty cool-looking little
bulldozer I'll go ahead and take a break
and we'll be back with him and his a
hero mode alright guys and we have Hulk
finally put together um I really liked
the transformation on this it's really
easy I suck acid transformers definitely
not going to hide that but definitely a
fun one to transform really simple I
probably could have done it without the
instructions I'm very cool close up here
on him it's pretty cool you could
definitely tell tell it's Hulk a little
bit of a robot looking ahead very
awesome just got the front part of the
bulldozer has his body very awesome
she's pretty bulky very awesome and just
get a little bit of a measurement on
them so you guys can he's is about six
and a half inches tall in this form and
his knees are bent too so you know maybe
seven inches so it's pretty good size
and you guys can see the width he's a
pretty big figure pretty cool get his
big fists they're kind of cool you can
kind of flip the bulldozer shield in if
you want them like having blocking
something I'm going to do and some
posing and stuff very cool got a lot of
nice movement I got kind of this ratchet
joint at the shoulders and the shoulder
pads kind of move up and down just kind
of weed either back and forward in his
leg and it goes in and out as well
Anthony has is kind of a knee joint to
which spins and then bends at the knee
and then of course you get a pivot at
the foot very awesome it's always kind
of weird doing articulation on
transformers because they move in weird
ways but very cool a lot of cool poses I
just got them kind of chilling right now
but a
around with them a little bit before
after i got them transformed you can
definitely get them in some cool stuff
like i said the ghost rider one is
pretty awesome as far as the Marvel
trance former crossovers and this one
and these are the only 2 i've really
seen in person but just looking at some
of the other ones like there was a venom
and some other stuff those just didn't
really look that cool to me but again I
really haven't messed with them in
person so I can't say they're not cool
but definitely you know this is a good
one for me I love Hulk and you know
that's just going to be another Hulk in
my collection so anyways that was the
Hulk transformers crossover thanks
checking out guys